Add "Mandatory" Dispatch Class (#26)
substrate-developer-hub/knowledgebase: current/learn-substrate/weight.md

can fill the first 800 kilobytes of the block while the last 200 can only be filled by the
operational class.

> There is also a `Mandatory` dispatch class that can be used to ensure a transaction is always

Reviewer: Since `Mandatory` can only be used with _inherents,_ it does not apply to transactions.
```suggestion
There is also a `Mandatory` dispatch class that can be used to ensure an extrinsic is always
```

> included in a block regardless of its impact on the block length or weight limits. Please refer to

Reviewer 2: just block weight
```suggestion
included in a block regardless of its impact on the weight limits. Please refer to
```

Author: Thank you, I have fixed this :+1:
